I'm Mike Hanley with cars dot com if you're looking for a pickup truck that can
perform both
working people hauling duties a
full-size
crew cab truck is a long way to go
I'm here with the GMC Sierra kar
cabinets one such model
let's take a look at some other things
that has to offer the Sierras actually
related to the Chevy Silverado but it
hasn't its own unique front appearance
you can see it as this distinctive
chrome girl pretty vertical designed to
the girl
and also little bald in the summer heard
that gives us some distinctiveness
now be a crew cab model has for full
size doors
which extend the length of the truck
overall but it has a short
cargo box in the and so the truck while
large is an excessively big overall
the Sears a bill with the number
different engines and this one here is
the 5.3 liter
all aluminum v-8 makes 315 horsepower
their third a popular park and it feels
pretty strong in this application
this engine works with a four-speed
automatic transmission
that may seem like a transmission with
not letting here's a but it works well
and that's what matters on the road as
mention this is a light-duty
Sierra it comes with a short cargo box
payload for this truck is about sixteen
hundred pounds
and you can see here though that has a
plastic bed liner
on more and more trucks were starting to
see molded
cargo bed liners which are more durable
than plastic but GMC is still using the
plastic setup
the Sears available with the new
all-terrain packet for 2008 like this
model here
it's based on the z71 off-road group and
includes
this my permit like a heavy-duty
trailering package special 18-inch alloy
wheels
badges and Rancho shock absorber
the sierra has won a nicer and shares on
the truck world but the competition's
making strides with recent redesign for
the Dodge Ram and Ford F 150
you can see here it has an almost car
like bash court appearance
and when you choose the all terrain
model you get this
brushed aluminum like surface on the
dash and when you choose FLT trim level
and get the authoring group to get these
two tone leather seats with the crew cab
truck
you expect space in the back seat for
passengers to ride comfortably
and that's mostly the case with the
sierra leg room is good headroom is good
the one real downfall is that the
backrest
above this rear bench seat just barely
afraid and that could become one country
while a longer drive
when the other advantages our crew cab
is that
you can have lotsa room for secure
storage have luggage
you don't throw it in the car a bad and
with the sierra
it has a really handy way that flip of
the rear seats to give you that storage
area he just left up on the question
push it up and I stays in place free
sample
same way going down so if you have
something like a suitcase
is put it down on a flat for
the series won our favorite tracks
because its refined driving experience
and overall utility but things can get
pretty expensive when you check out the
action boxes this truck here
goes for about forty five thousand
dollars and I don't have to
get all those things but if you want all
the features Picasa quite a bit
for additional information on this car
or any other
gotta cars dot com on our blog kicking
tires